# GlanceApp
Nathan Alex &amp; Stefan Magardino's Capstone Project - The Glance App

The Manhattan University “Glance” mobile application was designed by a former student intended for use by current students. Glance has many useful features for students to assist in their studies at Manhattan University, along with the overall experience on campus. Some of these features include a digital jaspercard, a search feature for tasks, services and employees, a feed for announcements and alerts from the university, a full Manhattan University academic calendar, students’ personal class schedule and information about each class, a geo-locator map of the campus, The Quadrangle, and more. The app is available for iOS in the app store and in the google play store for android. It is written in swift for iOS and Kotlin for android.

Our vision is to add many more features and to revamp this application so that the features are more user friendly. By collecting information through surveys from current students about the current state of the app we feel like we can majorly improve the user experience. One important thing to note is that we would be creating this app using React, which will work for deploying it in iOS and android. This change will make the app easier to maintain being that only one language will be involved when changes have to be made. This will also make the app uniform across both platforms, as the current state inhibits many of the features for android users. Our hope is to improve this app enough for the University to decide to use it over the current version and leave our footprint in the school as we depart. Hope you enjoy the final product.
